/*
 * Copyright (c) 2021-2022 Huawei Device Co., Ltd.
 * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 * You may obtain a copy of the License at
 *
 *     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 *
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 * limitations under the License.
 */

zh-cn/device-dev/kernel/ @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/website.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/faqs/ @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/porting/ @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/security/ @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/guide/ @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/quick-start/ @li-yan339
zh-cn/device-dev/driver/ @li-yan339
zh-cn/device-dev/get-code/ @li-yan339
zh-cn/device-dev/hpm-part/ @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-build-mini-lite.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-build-standard-large.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-build-gn-coding-style-and-best-practice.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-build-gn-kconfig-visual-config-guid.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-remote-start.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-graphics-overview.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-graphics-container-guide.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-graphics-layout-guide.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-graphics-common-guide.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-graphics-animation-guide.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-multimedia-camera-overview.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-multimedia-camera-photo-guide.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-multimedia-camera-record-guide.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-multimedia-camera-preview-guide.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-multimedia-video-overview.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-multimedia-video-play-guide.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-multimedia-video-record-guide.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-utils-overview.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-utils-guide.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-utils-faqs.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-aiframework-guide.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-aiframework-envbuild.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-aiframework-tech-codemanage.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-aiframework-tech-name.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-aiframework-tech-interface.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-aiframework-devguide-sdk.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-aiframework-devguide-plugin.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-aiframework-devguide-conf.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-aiframework-demo-sdk.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-aiframework-demo-plugin.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-aiframework-demo-conf.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-data-relational-database.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-data-relational-database-overview.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-data-relational-database-guide.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-data-storage.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-data-storage-overview.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-data-storage-guide.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-sensor-overview.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-sensor-guide.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-sensor-demo.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-usbservice-overview.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-usbservice-guide.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-usbservice-demo.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-application-framework-overview.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-application-framework-envbuild.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-application-framework-guide.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-application-framework-demo.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-ota-guide.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-tel-overview.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-tel-guide.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-security-overview.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-security-sigverify.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-security-rightmanagement.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-security-communicationverify.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-security-devicesecuritylevel.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-boot-overview.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-boot-init.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-boot-appspawn.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-boot-appspawn-standard.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-boot-bootstrap.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-boot-syspara.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-boot-faqs.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-boot-ref.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-testguide-test.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-dfx-overview.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-dfx-hilog-rich.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-dfx-hilog-lite.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-dfx-hitrace.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-dfx-hicollie.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-dfx-hisysevent-logging-config.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-dfx-hisysevent-logging.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-dfx-hisysevent-listening.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-dfx-hisysevent-query.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-dfx-hisysevent-tool.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-dfx-hidumper.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-dfx-hichecker.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-dfx-faultlogger.md @duangavin123_admin
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-toolchain-bytrace-guide.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-toolchain-hdc-guide.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-toolchain-hiperf.md @Austin23
zh-cn/device-dev/subsystems/subsys-xts-guide.md @Austin23

zh-cn/application-dev/ability/ @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/ui/ @HelloCrease
zh-cn/application-dev/notification/ @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/windowmanager/ @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/webgl/ @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/media/ @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/security/ @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/connectivity/ @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/connectivity/ipc-rpc-overview.md @qinxiaowang
zh-cn/application-dev/connectivity/ipc-rpc-development-guideline.md @qinxiaowang
zh-cn/application-dev/connectivity/subscribe-remote-state.md @qinxiaowang
zh-cn/application-dev/telephony/ @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/dfx/ @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/database/ @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/napi/drawing_guidelines.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/napi/rawfile_guidelines.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/background-agent-scheduled-reminder/ @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/background-task-management/ @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/work-scheduler/ @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/device/usb-overview.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/device/usb-guidelines.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/device/device-location-overview.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/device/device-location-info.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/device/device-location-geocoding.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/device/sensor-overview.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/device/sensor-guidelines.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/device/vibrator-overview.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/device/vibrator-guidelines.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/device/sample-server-overview.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/device/sample-server-guidelines.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/arkui-js/ @HelloCrease
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/arkui-ts/ @HelloCrease
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/native-apis @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/native-lib @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-DataUriUtils.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-ability-errorCode.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-ability-wantConstant.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-application-ability.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-application-abilityConstant.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-abilityDelegatorRegistry.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-application-abilitystage.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-appmanager.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-configuration.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-configurationconstant.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-featureAbility.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-formbindingdata.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-formextension.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-formerror.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-formhost.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-formInfo.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-missionManager.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-formprovider.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-particleAbility.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-service-extension-ability.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-application-StartOptions.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-application-staticSubscriberExtensionAbility.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-uripermissionmanager.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-application-Want.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-wantAgent.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-dataAbilityHelper.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-Context.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-ability-context.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-application-abilityDelegator.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-application-abilityDelegatorArgs.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-application-abilityMonitor.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-abilityrunninginfo.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-abilitystagecontext.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-application-context.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-extension-context.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-extensionrunninginfo.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-formextensioncontext.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-application-MissionSnapshot.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-permissionrequestresult.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-processrunninginfo.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-service-extension-context.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-application-shellCmdResult.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-commonEvent.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-emitter.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-notification.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-reminderAgent.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-eventhub.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-Bundle.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-deviceUsageStatistics.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-zlib.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-animator.md @HelloCrease
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-mediaquery.md @HelloCrease
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-prompt.md @HelloCrease
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-router.md @HelloCrease
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-display.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-screenshot.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-window.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-webgl.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-webgl2.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-audio.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-camera.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-image.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-media.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-medialibrary.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-i18n.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-intl.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-resource-manager.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-backgroundTaskManager.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-workScheduler.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-WorkSchedulerExtensionAbility.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-config-policy.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-enterprise-device-manager.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-abilityAccessCtrl.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-huks.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-useriam-userauth.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-system-cipher.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-data-ability.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-distributed-data.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-data-distributedobject.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-data-preferences.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-data-storage.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-system-storage.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-data-rdb.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-settings.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-data-resultset.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-document.md @qinxiaowang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-environment.md @qinxiaowang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-fileio.md @qinxiaowang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-filemanager.md @qinxiaowang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-statfs.md @qinxiaowang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-storage-statistics.md @qinxiaowang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-volumemanager.md @qinxiaowang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-contact.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-call.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-observer.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-radio.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-sim.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-sms.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-telephony-data.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-net-connection.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-http.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-request.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-socket.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-webSocket.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-bluetooth.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-connectedTag.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-rpc.md @qinxiaowang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-wifi.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-wifiext.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-accessibility.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-faultLogger.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-hiappevent.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-hichecker.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-hidebug.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-hilog.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-hitracechain.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-hitracemeter.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-inputmethod.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-inputmethodengine.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-pasteboard.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-screen-lock.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-system-time.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-wallpaper.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-timer.md @HelloCrease
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-battery-info.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-brightness.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-device-info.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-device-manager.md
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-geolocation.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-inputconsumer.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-inputdevice.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-inputeventclient.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-inputmonitor.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-power.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-runninglock.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-sensor.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-system-parameter.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-thermal.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-update.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-usb.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-vibrator.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-appAccount.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-distributed-account.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-osAccount.md @sun-yue14
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-convertxml.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-process.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-uri.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-url.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-util.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-arraylist.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-deque.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-hashmap.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-hashset.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-lightweightmap.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-lightweightset.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-linkedlist.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-list.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-plainarray.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-queue.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-stack.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-treemap.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-treeset.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-vector.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-worker.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-xml.md @zengyawen
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-testRunner.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/reference/apis/js-apis-uitest.md @ningningW
zh-cn/application-dev/quick-start/start-overview.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/quick-start/start-with-ets.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/quick-start/start-with-ets-low-code.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/quick-start/start-with-js.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/quick-start/start-with-js-low-code.md @ge-yafang
zh-cn/application-dev/quick-start/package-structure.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/quick-start/basic-resource-file-categories.md @RayShih
zh-cn/application-dev/quick-start/syscap.md @RayShih